A list of projects

1.	Pokemon Data Project (DSC530) The goal of this data analysis project is to explore and understand containing statistics on 800 Pokemon cards and creating various visualizations. several insights can be derived:
2.	Apple Stock information (DSC540) In this project, I worked on cleansing and transforming three datasets: “AAPL.csv”, “apple_stock_data.csv”, and “sales_record.csv”. These datasets contained information on Apple’s stock prices, sales records, and other related data. The primary goal was to merge these cleaned datasets into a single dataset in a SQLite database and then create five visualizations to demonstrate all the data.
3.	Loan Default Prediction Project (DSC550) The significance of solving the loan default prediction problem cannot be overstated. By leveraging historical data and advanced machine learning techniques, lenders can enhance their risk assessment capabilities, resulting in several crucial benefits.
4.	Analyzing Customer Churn in the Telecommunication Industry (DSC630) This was a group project consisting of Shu Liu and Joseph Madden.
5.  Infographic about aviation history (DSC640) I embark on a data-driven exploration of aviation safety metrics that aims to inform and reassure the public. My findings, presented in a visually engaging dashboard, have been given the green light by industry experts. Join me as I demystify the complexities of aviation safety and unveil the facts that matter.
6.	Investigating the impact of playing surfaces(DSC680) specifically artificial turf, and natural grass, on injury rates in the NFL, with a focus on the occurrence of rupture Achilles injuries. This is the topic for my first project for this class. 
7. Obesity rates (DSC680) The increasing rates of obesity in the United States present a significant public health challenge. This white paper aims to investigate the socioeconomic factors contributing to obesity to inform targeted interventions and policies.  
8.	CIA World Factbook (DSC680) This project aims to analyze and visualize economic indicators from “The world Factbook” dataset to identify patterns and disparities in global economic development. Key research questions include understanding the factors influencing economic growth, uncovering potential correlations, and assessing the impact of socioeconomic variables. 
9. Creating a histogram, box plot and bullet chart in Tableau, R and Python. Using the dataset education.csv
10. Creating a scatter plot, density plot, and bubble chart in Tableau, R and Python using datasets birth_ rates.csv, crimerates.csv.
